Add Documentation - Framework reference (#1880)
kuzzleio/kuzzle: doc/2/framework/classes/backend-logger/properties/index.md

---
code: false
type: page
title: Properties
description: BackendLogger class properties
---

# BackendLogger

> The `BackendLogger` class allows developer use Kuzzle internal logger.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `BackendLogger` class allows developers to use Kuzzle's internal logger.  
```
